Bow chika, bow chika,
bow chika, do-bee-dah!
How did you know?
Who's there?!
I win again.
How'd you know I was there?
Because I've got eyes
in the back of my head.
No way!
What's with the mask?
It's an Oni!
I heard they're demons from Japan!
He got that as a gift from a friend.
It was a souvenir from a trip...
Honey! Your face is an absolute mess!
Oni are real big baddies!
Well, they might show up
thinking you're one of them
if you keep on wearing that mask.
Then beat them all up for me!
But they're big baddies, right?
You think I can take 'em?
It's okay!
Because Mommy will take them out for you!
Really?!
You bet!
Then I guess Daddy's gonna work
on fixing the motorcycle,
so we can run away when Mommy
gets in over her head.
Wanna help me?
Yeah!
No, I don't want you getting
your clothes dirty again.
Come along. And make sure you're home
in time for dinner, honey.
Hurry up! We don't have time for-
BOO!
Jeez!
Now for our next story.
The culprit of the brutal murder
that happened in El Balkeen on
the 10th of this month is still at large.
The victim's body was
lacerated multiple times
with what appears to be a sharp object.
Investigators said these injuries suggest
there were at least
five perpetrators involved,
and many are speculating the murder was
carried out by a criminal organization.
However, the victim had
-Honey... could it have been...
-no discernible ties to any organizations
that may be responsible,
so the investigation
-Maybe it's the Oni.
-is currently at a standstill.
The Oni could do that!
Okay. It's time for bed, son.
But I'm not sleepy!
No buts.
I hate when you make that face, Daddy!
Well, even your mom
is saying that it's past your bedtime.
I love every face that Mommy makes!
You better behave or you won't
be getting a birthday present!
What's wrong?
It's that news from earlier.
You know, the way he was killed...
Mari...
Not to mention the victim.
They have zero insight into his
personal life even after interviewing
a bunch of the people he worked with.
Nothing out of the ordinary
about that these days.
Everything's fine.
Nobody will get us out here.
But... what about the Reaper?
Even the Reaper.
Besides, this definitely wasn't his work.
You know he always worked alone.
Relax, it's smooth sailing for us
from here on out.
Right...
Another horrific murder has occurred,
this time in a quiet
residential area of St. Marks.
The M.O. of the crime matches
that of the case in High Park
on the 14th of last month,
as well as in Oleana on the 26th, and also
in Zamilan on the 7th of this month.
Authorities are currently saying that
we may have a serial killer on our hands.
While a large-scale investigation
is now underway,
things don't look too hopeful as there are
still no clues or connections that have
-That's the fourth one now...
-been established between the victims.
Aw... It got burned all black again.
Oops.
Jeez! There goes your dad,
screwing things up yet again.
That's why I said you
should let me handle it!
Thicker cuts of meat can be
a challenge to grill
while getting a good sear
on the outside...
Happy birthday!
To you!
Wow! It's a Triger cake!
Can you blow them all out?
Oh boy, what is it?
Hooray! Video games!
And, a little bonus!
Roar!
You know, I like seeing you in this mask
way more than that scary Oni one.
Yeah, I like being on the hero side too!
Well, your mom...
prefers seeing this face
more than anything.
Looks like Mommy is using more dirty
tricks to get on your good side again!
I love you.
Both of you.
Love you, too.
Don't worry. Just stay put.
Daddy!
She put up quite the damn struggle.
They got here too quick.
Who ratted us out?
Get the doctor!
Hurry up!
Are you okay? Can you hear me, sir?
Mari...
Ren...
Mr. Logan! Mr. Logan!
Are you hearing me?!
Please remain calm.
Do you understand what happened to you?
You miraculously came back to life
after literally being
on the very brink of death.
What about my wife...
and son?
I'm afraid they didn't make it...
It's been a whole day
since he was confirmed dead.
Do you seriously think
this dude came back to life?
Maybe he's not even human anymore.
Great.
Let's go meet, Mr. Zombie.
Please don't agitate him too much.
Of course.
Hello, Mr. Joe Logan.
I'm Mike Morris with the FBI.
And I'm Emma Samanda.
Pardon us for bothering you
at such a difficult time,
but we'd like your help
with our investigation.
Can you remember who attacked your family?
Any ideas or thoughts as
to what their motives were?
Anything would help us.
Please feel free to contact me
if anything comes to mind.
That guy...
probably knows who did this.
Huh?
It's just a hunch.
But just in case, we'll take turns
watching over him tonight.
Roger that...
Yep.
He's been up on the roof for awhile now.
Okay, I won't make any moves on my own.
Roger.
Would you care to see
the remains of your family?
What the hell is going on?!
Christ, why isn't she
picking up the damn phone?
H-holy crap. What the hell?
Just couldn't die, could you?
How exactly did you find us?
Go ahead and change your appearance
all you want.
Because it doesn't matter
how you try to hide.
There is absolutely no way
you will escape from us.